ANTI-SEMITES WILL LOSE THE
PRESIDENCY IN 2020.
JOINING ME WITH REACTION TO MY
OPENING STATEMENT AND MUCH
MORE, HOUSE MINORITY LEADER
KEVIN McCARTHY.
I UNDERSTAND THAT EVEN YOU
YOURSELF WERE INVOLVED A BIT IN
SOME OF THESE TROPES AND ILHAN
OMAR CAME AFTER YOU.
>> WHEN SHE TWEETED ABOUT ALL
ABOUT THE BENJAMINS.
THAT WAS REFERRING TO AN ARTICLE
A REPORTER WROTE THAT I WAS
ASKING NANCY PELOSI TO STAND UP
TO THE NEW DEMOCRAT SOCIALISTS
WHO ARE MAKING THESE
ANTI-SEMITIC COMMENTS.
THIS IS THE WEEK THE NEW
DEMOCRAT SOCIALISTS HAVE TAKEN
OVER THE PARTY.
BECAUSE THEY WON THIS WEEK.
NANCY PELOSI SAID SHE WAS GOING
TO STAND UP TO HER AND MOVE A
RESOLUTION THAT JUST DEALT WITH
THIS SUBJECT.
IT WOULDN'T NAME HER AND SHE
COULDN'T EVEN PASS THAT.
SHE HAD TO WATER IT DOWN.
THEY NOW OWN THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY WHICH IS NOW THE DEMOCRAT
SOCIALIST PARTY.
WHEN YOU APPEASE, HIT HAS TAUGHT
US, THERE -- HISTORY HAS TAUGHT
US.
THERE IS A RISE OF
ANTI-SEMITISM.
OMAR REPEATED IT I BELIEVE EVEN
WORSE, QUESTIONING THE
ALLEGIANCE AND ALLIANCE OF
AMERICAN JEWS.
COULD THEY BE TRUE TO AMERICA?
WE HEARD THESE QUESTIONS ASKED
HISTORY IN THE PAST?
WHAT DID HISTORY SAY?
WE CAN NEVER ALLOW THAT TO
REPEAT ITSELF.
THAT'S WHY IT'S SO IMPORTANT.
NOT ONE PARTY.
JUDGE JEANINE: I UNDERSTAND
NANCY PELOSI HAS BEEN THE
SPEAKER TWICE, AND AS A WOMAN,
SHE IS PROBABLY IN TERMS OF
WOMEN IN CONGRESS, SHE IS THE
MOST OF POWERFUL WOMAN IN
CONGRESS.
>> BY FAR.
NOT THIS WEEK.
JUDGE JEANINE: DIDN'T HER
DAUGHTER SAY SHE'LL STAB YOU IN
THE BACK AND CUT YOU AND YOU
WON'T EVEN KNOW YOU HAVE BEEN
CUT.
WHY DID SHE BEND?
WHAT HAPPENED?
IS SHE WORRIED THESE YOUNG WOMEN
ARE GOING TO TAKE OVER?
IS SHE WATCHING THE ATTENTION
THEY ARE GETTING AND IS
CONCERNED ABOUT HER OWN FUTURE?
>> REMEMBER WHAT TOOK PLACE.
SHE WAS ON THE COVER OF THE
ROLLING STONES WITH THE YOUNG
NEW CONGRESS WOMEN WHO CALL
THEMSELVES DEMOCRAT SOCIALISTS.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I THINK.
THAT'S WHAT THEY CALL
THEMSELVES.
THEN YOU HEARD THE COMMENTS
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR SAID.
LAST TIME WAS THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY WHO STOOD UP AND BROUGHT
IT TO THE FLOOR.
BUT THEY HAD TO BACKTRACK.
WE KNOW SPEAKER PELOSI AS A
STRONG WOMAN.
BUT SHE LOST THIS WEEK.
SHE HAD TO BACK PEDESTRIANING
AND
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PD
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PL
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PE
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PA
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PD
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PI
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PS
PEDESTRIANO --SHE HAD TO BACK PE
COULDN'T BRING IT TO THE FLOOR.
YOU HAD THE NEW PROGRESSIVES.
JUDGE JEANINE: THREE WOMEN ARE
GOING TO SCARE NANCY PELOSI?
>> THEY DID.
I THINK THAT'S THE NEW MOVEMENT
IN THE DEMOCRAT SOCIALIST PARTY,
THEY HAVE OVERTAKEN THIS
LEADERSHIP.
THIS IS THE MARK OF THE DATE OF
THE WEEK WHERE THEY HAVE
OVERTAKEN THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
JUDGE JEANINE: BERNIE SANDERS
SAID WAY SEE GOING ON IN THE
HOUSE IS A WAY OF STIFLING
DEBATE.
TALK ABOUT TUSHING THE AGGRESSOR
IN -- TALK ABOUT TURNING THE
AGGRESSOR INTO THE VICTIM.
NOW SHE IS TAKING A VICTORY LAP
AND SHE'LL DOUBLE DOWN AGAIN.
>> THE FIRST TIME SHE WENT
FORWARD THE DEMOCRATS SAID SHE
NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE.
THIS TIME SHE REPEATS EIGHT AND
THEY DON'T EVEN SAY -- REPEATS
IT AND THEY DON'T EVEN SAY SHE
HAS TO APOLOGIZE.
WHEN SOMEBODY STOOD UP THE
REPUBLICANS REMOVED HIM FROM
COMMITTEE.
BUT WHAT IS SCARY TO ME AS AN
AMERICAN, WHEN I SEAT RISE OF
ANTI-SEMITISM AROUND THE WORLD,
AND I HE APPEASEMENT AND I SEE
WHAT HISTORY HAS TAUGHT US ABOUT
APPEASEMENT.
JUDGE JEANINE: THEY BETTER